______________________________________________________________________

## title: "Aligned Layer Partnership" date: "2024-04-26" author: "0xkaiserkarel" description: "Union is set to enhance its zero-knowledge interoperability through a strategic collaboration with Aligned Layer." cover: "/content/assets/3qo06v4er2jmkMsqDy1ey/Aligned-Layer-Partner-Blog.png" coverAlt: "Union X Aligned Layer" hidden: false published: true sourceId: "4OXJtHta4UzHobce5woaak" createdAt: "2024-07-18T11:24:26.953Z" updatedAt: "2024-11-08T15:41:13.668Z"

<p>Union is set to enhance its zero-knowledge interoperability through a strategic collaboration with Aligned Layer. This partnership will leverage Aligned’s universal verification layer to settle proofs on Ethereum through EigenLayer’s AVS to generate faster and cheaper bridge transactions.</p>
<h2>The Power of BLS Signatures</h2>
<p>At the core of Union’s technology is the utilization of Boneh-Lynn-Shacham (BLS) signatures in its CometBLS platform. BLS signatures are renowned for their efficiency, particularly when verifying transactions in both regular IBC and zero-knowledge proof (ZKP) based IBC. These signatures provide a cheaper verification process, which is a substantial differentiator of Union’s tech stack.</p>
<h2>Cheaper Verification Through Aligned Layer</h2>
<p>Although BLS signatures already provide a cost-effective method for proof verification, Aligned’s verification services can further enhance this efficiency.</p>
<p>Without a proof aggregation solution, Union would have to verify each proof individually—a time-consuming and resource-intensive process. However, through this collaboration, proofs will be aggregated and sent to Aligned for verification. Once verified, Aligned will forward the final results to Ethereum and integrate them into a Data Availability (DA) layer, significantly speeding up the process and reducing operational overhead.</p>
<p>By aggregating proofs and utilizing Aligned’s dedicated verifiers for verification, the costs associated with Union’s proof generation —currently around 200,000 gas units— is expected to be significantly reduced, making it even more competitive than other zk-bridge solutions.</p>
<h2>About Aligned</h2>
<p>Aligned operates as a verification layer atop EigenLayer, specializing in the cost-effective verification of SNARK proofs by harnessing the security provided by Ethereum validators. This is achieved outside the limitations of the Ethereum network’s native capabilities. The creation of Ethereum did not originally account for the intricacies of validity proofs, making the integration of new proving systems a cumbersome process. Aligned aims to address this challenge by providing streamlined solutions that support the continual evolution of proving systems, thus positioning itself as a pivotal entity in the ZK technology sector.</p>
<p>Union’s integration with Aligned will not only make Union’s bridge solution faster and cheaper, but also leverage the crypto-economic security of Ethereum to create more reliable and cost-efficient blockchain transactions. The two teams will start collaborating on a research paper together and will integrate when Aligned’s private testnet is available on EigenLayer.</p>
