______________________________________________________________________

## title: "Union Adding Support for Base" date: "2025-08-27" author: "Stephen Gee" description: "Union is integrating Base, to connect more people to the global onchain economy being built on Base." cover: "/content/assets/4cqFy7l0l9Vvc1q0vblK6v/Union-x-Base.png" coverAlt: "Blog cover with the words Union and Base (with logos), a big X in between, and the words "blockchain of blockchains" in the bottom left. In the background is a whale shark's fin." hidden: false published: true sourceId: "4TAwBsNtqb37iLabwtUYAR" createdAt: "2025-08-21T19:00:49.731Z" updatedAt: "2025-08-27T17:28:01.620Z"

<p>Union is adding support for <a href="https://www.base.org/">Base</a>. This integration creates a trustless, secure connection between Base and the growing Union network, enabling frictionless liquidity and crosschain communication. Union’s zk technology and consensus verification will give Base direct access to IBC, MoveVM, and other AltVMs supported by Union.<br><br>Union is the leading zk interoperability L1, enabling settlement and liquidity for protocols and asset issuers. Union leverages advanced zero-knowledge cryptography to deliver fast, trustless interoperability across any execution environment. With its strong security, Union has become the preferred interoperability provider for the BTCfi ecosystem.</p>
<p>With this integration, Union will create a trustless, zk-powered connection to Base. Base has one of the most vibrant onchain ecosystems, with a strong developer community, high user growth, and alignment with Ethereum. By connecting Base to the Union network, more people will be able to take part in the global onchain economy that Base is building.</p>
<p>Union’s Base connection brings multiple advantages:</p>
<ul><li><p><strong>Trustless security</strong>: Through consensus verification and zk cryptography, Union ensures maximum security without relying on multisigs, oracles, or external validators.</p></li><li><p><strong>Application-level state lenses</strong>: Base apps can connect directly on the application layer, streamlining liquidity flows and user experiences.</p></li><li><p><strong>Optimized state proofs</strong>: Union leverages Base-specific state proofs for efficiency in verification.</p></li><li><p><strong>OP Stack innovation</strong>: This integration showcases an upgraded OP-stack light client built for Base, extending the security and scalability of Ethereum’s rollup-centric roadmap.</p></li></ul>
<h2><strong>A Vision for the Future</strong></h2>
<p>Union’s mission is to connect every blockchain, across any execution environment. By integrating Base, Union is expanding the network of trustless, sub-second interoperability that will empower developers, unlock new liquidity pathways, and create seamless user experiences across the multichain world.<br><br>In the coming months, Union and Base are looking to bring liquidity to Base’s DeFi protocols, such as <a href="https://www.gauntlet.xyz/">Gauntlet</a> and <a href="https://aerodrome.finance/">Aerodrome</a>. Union welcomes Base to the 0xba5ed network of interop.</p>
<p>Follow<a href="https://x.com/union_build"> @union_build</a> to stay up to date as the Base integration goes live on Union mainnet.</p>
