______________________________________________________________________

## title: "Union and Agoric Partner to Expand Cross-chain Orchestration to EVM" date: "2024-11-07" author: "Stephen Gee" description: "As core contributors to the multi-chain movement, Union and Agoric will unlock a scalable future where thousands of chains can permissionlessly connect, communicate, and thrive." cover: "/content/assets/23jAFxu1TxtMYplkQYM2aY/Union-X-Agoric-Blog.png" coverAlt: "Graphic with the Union logo on one side, and the Agoric logo on the other side." hidden: false published: true sourceId: "5YFHPKJ3en5WNx1UPMo0pk" createdAt: "2024-11-05T06:24:38.277Z" updatedAt: "2024-11-11T22:11:35.719Z"

<p>Union and <a href="https://agoric.com/">Agoric</a> are partnering to expand seamless cross-chain workflows throughout the Union network. Together, Union and Agoric will unlock a future where developers can create rich applications that interact smoothly across thousands of blockchains, while users enjoy simple and effortless on-chain experiences that feel like they’re happening on a single chain.</p>
<p>This integration will enable Agoric’s flagship <a href="https://agoric.com/orchestration/">Orchestration</a> platform to connect to blockchains throughout the Union network, including EVM chains such as Ethereum, <a href="https://union.build/blog/arbitrum-partnership">Arbitrum</a>, and <a href="https://x.com/union_build/status/1793658292117377374">Berachain</a>. That means developers and users on Union-connected chains will have access to powerful new tools and experiences, alongside Union’s permissionless, secure, and hyper-efficient ZK-powered interoperability.</p>
<h2>The Future Is Multi-chain</h2>
<p>Central to both Union and Agoric is the belief that the future will consist of not just multiple chains, not just many chains, but <em>thousands</em> of chains. The benefits of creating specialized blockchains are too compelling for generalized platforms to compete. And when there are thousands of blockchains, interoperability and cross-chain interactions become crucial.</p>
<p>As core contributors to the multi-chain movement, both Union and Agoric are on a mission to enable chains to connect seamlessly and permissionlessly. For Agoric this means Orchestration, where developers can build on top of Agoric’s contracts to create intricate workflows across multiple blockchains, totally removing the friction of cross-chain interactions for both developers and users.</p>
<p>By integrating with Union, Agoric’s Orchestration platform will gain the ability to create and manage remote accounts on more blockchains, opening the door to even richer multi-chain use cases. This means more developers creating more applications with revolutionary new use cases—all using Union for interoperability.</p>
<h2>Seamless &amp; Secure Cross-chain Interactions</h2>
<p>With functionality such as native async execution, reactive contracts, and on-chain timers, Agoric is empowering developers to “build the impossible,” by freeing them to focus on innovation rather than burdensome infrastructure.</p>
<p>This is an aim that Union wholeheartedly agrees with. When cross-chain interactions are seamless, secure, and hyper-efficient, new opportunities are unlocked for builders and users alike. The partnership between Union and Agoric is sure to lead to many such opportunities.</p>
<p>For future updates on this and other integrations, follow <a href="https://x.com/union_build/">@union_build</a> and join the <a href="https://discord.union.build/">Union Discord</a>.</p>
