______________________________________________________________________

## title: "Union Airdrop Program Terms & Conditions" sourceId: "43sR1iKG6dHDFNXrVlKIF3" published: true createdAt: "2025-08-29T03:55:06.480Z" updatedAt: "2025-08-29T04:12:18.469Z"

<p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>Last updated: August 28, 2025</strong></p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>Please read these Airdrop Program Terms carefully. They constitute a legal agreement between you and Union and govern your participation in certain activities (the “Union Airdrop Program”), including with respect to your receipt of any digital assets associated with the Union Protocol (as defined below) having a symbol ‘U’ (“Union Tokens”) distributed in connection with the Union Airdrop Program (an “Airdrop”). By accessing, using, or otherwise participating in the Union Airdrop Program, you confirm your agreement to accept and be bound by these Airdrop Program Terms, as amended from time to time. You acknowledge and agree that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Airdrop Program Terms in its entirety. Your participation in an Airdrop and the Union Airdrop Program is solely at your own risk and it is your sole responsibility to seek appropriate professional, legal, tax, and other advice in respect of your participation in an Airdrop and the Union Airdrop Program, including with respect to (i) your claiming or receipt of or failure to claim or receive Union Tokens; and (ii) your decision to hold, transact with, stake, or sell any Union Tokens. You further agree that you have read and understood the various requirements, acknowledgments, legal limitations, and risk factors set out in these Airdrop Program Terms. Union has not and does not provide any legal, tax, or other advice or recommendation with respect to any Airdrop or the Union Airdrop Program.</strong></p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>THESE TERMS REQUIRE THE USE OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE DISPUTES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTIONS.</strong></p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>1. Introduction</strong></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Parachute Services Inc., a Panama corporation is administering the Union Airdrop Program as an independent service provider to Union Build Ltd., a British Virgin Islands business company, and its parent, Union Foundation, an exempted foundation company limited by guarantee incorporated in the Cayman Islands, (<em>collectively</em>, “<strong>Union</strong>”, “<strong>we</strong>”, “<strong>us</strong>”, and “<strong>our</strong>”). Liability of each Union entity will be limited according to the governing law of each jurisdiction. These terms do not constitute an offer or solicitation in jurisdictions where such participation is prohibited.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">These Union Token Airdrop Program Terms &amp; Conditions (these “<strong>Terms</strong>”) govern your participation in any Airdrop conducted through the Union Airdrop Program, including with respect to your claiming or receipt of any Union Tokens in connection with an Airdrop or the activities included in the Union Airdrop Program. Each Airdrop and the Union Airdrop Program is organized and operated by Union. These Terms are supplemental to, and incorporate by reference, Union’s terms and conditions available at <a href="https://union.build/terms-of-service"><u>https://union.build/terms-of-service</u></a> (the “<strong>General Terms</strong>”) and Privacy Policy available at <a href="http://union.build/privacy-policy"><u>https://union.build/privacy-policy</u></a> (the “<strong>Privacy Policy</strong>”). The General Terms and Privacy Policy also apply to your participation in any Airdrop and the Union Airdrop Program.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>You expressly acknowledge and agree that you assume all risks related to your participation in any Airdrop or the Union Airdrop Program, including in connection with your claiming or receipt of or failure to claim or receive Union Tokens. In no event will Union, its affiliates, or any of their respective officers, directors, representatives, personnel, contractors, vendors, suppliers, licensees, successors, or assigns (</strong><em><strong>collectively</strong></em><strong>, the “Union Parties”) be liable in connection with or for any claims, losses, damages, costs, penalties, fines, judgments, taxes, expenses, or other liabilities (</strong><em><strong>collectively</strong></em><strong>, “Losses”) arising out of or in connection with your participation in any Airdrop or the Union Airdrop Program, including with respect to your claiming or receipt of or failure to claim or receive any Union Tokens. Union is not responsible for your participation in any Airdrop or the Union Airdrop Program, including with respect to your claiming or receipt of or failure to claim or receive Union Tokens. If the person that accepts these Terms does not have the authority, or does not agree with and accept and be bound by these Terms, that person is not eligible to participate in the Union Airdrop Program. Sections 9, 10, and 11 of these Terms contain dispute resolution, a class action waiver, and a limitation on time to commence disputes. Please review such clauses carefully because they impact your rights. By agreeing to these Terms, you agree to resolve all disputes related to any Airdrop, the Union Airdrop Program, or these Terms by the following the process(es) set forth in Section 9 of these Terms.</strong></p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>2. Official Website for Union Airdrop Program</strong></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">There is only one website to claim or receive Union Tokens in connection with your participation in the Union Airdrop Program, located at: <a href="https://app.union.build/udrop"><u>https://app.union.build/udrop</u></a> (the “<strong>Airdrop</strong> <strong>Website</strong>”). <strong>Do not trust any other website regardless of its source or origin or any link routing you to a different website claiming to be affiliated with Union. You are solely responsible for your interactions with any websites purporting to be affiliated with Union. </strong></p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>3. Eligibility; Prohibited Jurisdictions &amp; Excluded Persons</strong></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Union, in its sole and absolute discretion, will determine the eligibility criteria for participation in any Airdrop or the Union Airdrop Program, including with respect to the claiming or receipt of Union Tokens and the number of Union Tokens to be distributed to eligible participants. Union Tokens will only be distributed to participants that meet the eligibility criteria determined by Union for any Airdrop and the Union Airdrop Program. Union reserves the right to disqualify or exclude any actual or potential participant that it deems ineligible for participation in any Airdrop or the Union Airdrop Program, including as a result of the participant’s actual or alleged breach of these Airdrop Program Terms.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Any Airdrop will be conducted during a specified period, as determined by Union in its sole discretion (the “<strong>Airdrop Event Period</strong>”) and you must claim your Union Tokens and accept the Airdrop Program Terms (each a “<strong>Claim Submission</strong>”) between the commencement of the Airdrop Event Period and the date specified by Union for Claim Submissions within the Airdrop Event Period (the “<strong>Claim Submission Period</strong>”). Subject to these Airdrop Program Terms, Union Tokens will be automatically distributed to eligible participants who made a Claim Submission during the Claim Submission Period.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">The Union Tokens are intended to be used on a blockchain protocol comprised of self-executing smart contracts (the “<strong>Union Protocol</strong>”) which are run by users of the network on which the Union Protocol is based, including a vast network of disaffiliated, third-party “validator” node operators that run the Union Protocol’s software client, cryptographically validate transactions occurring on the Union Protocol, and host the Union Protocol’s blockchain (each a “<strong>Validator</strong>”). When you claim your Union Tokens, you will have the option to claim and receive your Union Tokens, or to stake your Union Tokens with the Union Protocol’s Validators. None of Union or its affiliates operate any Validators supporting the Union Protocol. Union makes no representations or warranties of any kind regarding any Validator’s performance or the likelihood of any particular Validator being slashed pursuant to the Union Protocol’s encoded ruleset. By participating in staking, you expressly acknowledge and agree that: (a) your decision to stake your Union Tokens is solely at your own risk; (b) you have a sufficient understanding of blockchain technology and Proof-of-Stake blockchain networks, including without limitation slashing penalties; (c) by participating in staking, you risk losing some or all of your staked Union Tokens in the event that the Validator with which you stake your Union Tokens with may be subject to slashing penalties; and (d) staked Union Tokens are subject to an unbonding period lasting for several weeks which will prevent you from transferring your Union Tokens until such unbonding period is completed. For more information about unbonding, please refer to Union’s documentation here: <a href="https://docs.union.build/ucs/03/#0x05---unstake"><u>https://docs.union.build/ucs/03/#0x05---unstake</u></a>.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">You acknowledge and agree that you may not participate in an Airdrop or the Union Airdrop Program, and are not eligible to claim or receive Union Tokens, if you are : (i) a citizen or resident of, or are accessing the Website and the Airdrop Program from, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria, and certain sanctioned areas of Ukraine (including without limitation, the regions of Crimea, Donetsk, and Luhansk) (<em>collectively</em>, “<strong>Prohibited Jurisdictions</strong>”); (ii) listed as a Specially Designated National by the United States Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Asset Control (“<strong>OFAC</strong>”); or (iii) a resident of a jurisdiction in which your participation in the Airdrop Program is illegal or impermissible according to any Applicable Laws, including without limitation those promulgated by the United Nations Security Council, the United Kingdom, the United States (including those prohibiting dealings with sanctioned persons identified by the OFAC as Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons (“<strong>SDN</strong>”), or other U.S. non-SDN restricted or prohibited parties lists, and those prohibiting dealings with persons organized, resident, or located in comprehensively sanctioned jurisdictions), and/or any other applicable national, provincial, federal, state, municipal or local laws and regulations, each as amended from time to time (each, an “<strong>Excluded Person</strong>”). You acknowledge and agree that Prohibited Jurisdictions are subject to change at our sole discretion.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">If you are an Excluded Person, then you are not permitted to participate in an Airdrop or the Union Airdrop Program or to claim or receive any Union Tokens. Use of a virtual private network to circumvent restrictions set out in these Airdrop Program Terms or the General Terms, including any geo-blocking, proxy detection protocols, or other restrictions or protections that we have implemented, is strictly prohibited. Any circumvention (or attempt to circumvent) our restrictions or protections may result in your permanent disqualification from participation in an Airdrop and the Union Airdrop Program.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Eligible participants may receive different amounts of Union Tokens depending on the criteria determined by Union in connection with the applicable Airdrop. Union has no obligation to notify any actual or potential participants of the eligibility criteria for any Airdrop prior to, during, or after claims for the Airdrop are opened or Union Tokens are distributed or received.</p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>4. Security Measures &amp; Risk Assessment Protocol</strong></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Union has implemented a technological and organizational security program and risk assessment protocol applicable to Airdrops conducted by Union as part of the Union Airdrop Program and any related claims made by participants in connection with an Airdrop and the Union Airdrop Program. Union, and its third party service providers, screen claims and apply screening criteria that may extend beyond screening requirements set out under applicable laws. All claims for Union Tokens made through an Airdrop or the Union Airdrop Program are subject to geo-location and proxy detection controls to prevent access to an Airdrop, the Union Airdrop Program, and associated websites by Excluded Persons. Additionally, Union may require you to prove that you are a human through a Third Party Service (as defined below).</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Union may deny any person, IP address, digital asset, smart contract, or protocol address access to an Airdrop and the Union Airdrop Program or associated websites based on information identified by Union’s security measures and related risk assessment protocols.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Union reserves the right to take any additional steps it deems necessary to verify the identity and eligibility of any person who seeks to participate, directly or indirectly, in an Airdrop or the Union Airdrop Program, including with respect to the claiming or receipt of any Union Tokens.</p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>5. Acknowledgments and Disclaimers</strong></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">You acknowledge and agree as follows:</p>
<ul><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>Accuracy of Information.</strong> You represent and warrant that any and all information that you provide in connection with your participation in an Airdrop and the Union Airdrop Program or access to or use of the Union Protocol is true, accurate, and complete. To participate in any Airdrop or the Union Airdrop Program, you acknowledge that you are required to provide us with any additional information as we request to facilitate your participation in the Airdrop and Union Airdrop Program, including to confirm your eligibility to participate or the legality of your participation. We will not be responsible or liable for any Losses or delays resulting from any inaccurate or incomplete information you provide to us and you are fully responsible and liable for the information you provide to us.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>Digital Wallets.</strong> You represent and warrant that you are the legal owner of the digital wallet that you use to access or participate in an Airdrop and the Union Airdrop Program. You are responsible for ensuring that you have provided and connected an eligible digital wallet (and related public wallet address) to participate in the Airdrop and Union Airdrop Program. Your failure to provide an eligible digital wallet (or related public wallet address) within the timelines we specify may result in your forfeiture of Union Tokens (or opportunity to claim or receive Union Tokens as part of an Airdrop or the Union Airdrop Program). You are responsible for any technical limitations, delays, and fees due or payable to third parties, including blockchain transaction, or “gas,” fees, to claim or receive Union Tokens through your digital wallet. You understand and agree that you are solely responsible and liable for maintaining the security of your digital wallet and your control over your passwords, private keys, seed phrases, or other credentials relating to the access and use of your digital wallet. We are not responsible or liable for managing or maintaining the security of your digital wallet or for any unauthorized access to or use of your digital wallet, including any loss of any assets or currency in such digital wallet. You acknowledge and agree that you understand that unauthorized access to your digital wallet by third parties could result in the loss or theft of the contents of your wallet and that we have no responsibility or liability for storing, retaining, securing, or recovering your digital wallet, access to your digital wallet, or the contents of your digital wallet, including any passwords, private keys, seed phrases, or other credentials. By providing or using any digital wallet in connection with an Airdrop or the Union Airdrop Program or any linked or related website, you agree that you are using the digital wallet under the terms and conditions of the applicable provider of the digital wallet. No digital wallet is created, operated, or maintained by Union or affiliated with Union. As a result, Union does not have custody or control over the contents of your digital wallet and has no ability to retrieve or transfer its contents. Your relationship with any digital wallet provider is governed by the applicable terms and conditions of that wallet provider, not these Airdrop Program Terms or the General Terms. Union shall bear no responsibility for the security or recovery of wallet keys, seed phrases, or private credentials. Participants acknowledge that lost or compromised wallets cannot be restored by Union, nor will Union reissue tokens. You are responsible for ensuring that you are able to access and maintain access to any digital wallet that you use in connection with the Union Airdrop Program or staking on the Union Protocol. Once you connect a digital wallet for use in the Union Airdrop Program or staking on the Union Protocol, you may not be able to change or switch that digital wallet to a different wallet, including in circumstances where you have lost access to the digital wallet. For example, any user who connected a digital wallet to participate in the first Airdrop is not able to switch to a different wallet for the purposes of participation in the first Airdrop.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>Internet Access.</strong> You are responsible, at your own expense, for obtaining and maintaining all Internet access, computer hardware, and other equipment and services needed to access and participate in any Airdrop or the Union Airdrop Program, including with respect to the claiming or receipt of Union Tokens.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>Eligibility; No Breach.</strong> You represent and warrant that you are not an Excluded Person and that you have not and will not engage in any act or omission, directly or indirectly, that constitutes a breach of these Airdrop Program Terms or the General Terms. Union reserves the right to disqualify participants for using VPNs to circumvent geographic restrictions. Participants found in violation may be permanently disqualified, and any claimed tokens may be revoked.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>Compliance with Applicable Laws.</strong> You are responsible for your compliance with all applicable laws in connection with your participation in an Airdrop and the Union Airdrop Program, including with respect to your claiming or receipt of any Union Tokens. This includes any economic or trade sanctions, export control laws and regulations, or other similar international, national, domestic, or foreign laws, rules, regulations, or standards. You represent and warrant that (i) you may lawfully claim and receive the Union Tokens via an Airdrop and the Union Airdrop Program (other than gas fees or applicable taxes, if any, that may be due to third parties), (ii) have not been promised or guaranteed the Union Tokens (or any other form of digital asset (whether through an Airdrop, the Union Airdrop Program, or otherwise), and (iii) took no action in reliance upon claiming or receiving the Union Tokens (or any other form of digital asset), the occurrence of an Airdrop, or the potential participation in the Union Airdrop Program.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>Responsibility for Taxes.</strong> You are solely responsible and liable for all taxes due and payable in connection with your participation in an Airdrop and the Union Airdrop Program, including with respect to your claiming or receipt of any Union Tokens and/or any subsequent transfer or disposition of Union Tokens. You are responsible for consulting tax and other professional advisors with respect to the tax treatment of the Union Tokens in your jurisdiction under applicable laws. Participants are solely responsible for reporting and paying any taxes due in their jurisdiction. Union does not provide tax or legal advice and encourages participants to consult with professional advisors.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>No Purchase or Payment.</strong> Your participation in an Airdrop and the Union Airdrop Program, including your claiming or receipt of any Union Tokens, does not require or involve any purchase, payment, or provision of consideration from or to Union, nor otherwise require or involve any acceptance of value by Union from you.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>No Entitlement Based on Third Party Information.</strong> You are not entitled to receive any Union Tokens or participate in an Airdrop or the Union Airdrop Program based on any information, documents, materials, metrics, data, point systems, records, or other content made known or available by any third party, including any third party monitoring Union (or any related smart contracts) or providing services or applications to any of the Union (collectively, “<strong>Third Party Content</strong>”). We do not review or control the accuracy of Third Party Content and you should not rely on any such Third Party Content in connection with your participation in an Airdrop or the Union Airdrop Program.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>Technical Issues; Incompatibilities.</strong> We are not responsible for your failure or inability to participate in an Airdrop the Union Airdrop Program, including with respect to your claiming or receipt of Union Tokens as a result of error, loss of service or connection, or any technical issue, bug, or incompatibility, including smart contract issues, digital wallet incompatibility, gas fees, or otherwise. Union is not and will not be responsible or liable to you or any third party for any such issue.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>Third Party Services.</strong> You may be required to utilize third party products or services (<em>e.g.</em>, a digital wallet, network, or blockchain) that Union does not control and/or is not affiliated with in connection with your participation in an Airdrop and the Union Airdrop Program (collectively, “<strong>Third Party Services</strong>”). You are solely responsible for your ability to access and use such Third Party Services. Union is not responsible or liable for the Third Party Services or your inability to participate in an Airdrop or the Union Airdrop Program in the event that such Third Party Services are unavailable or if they fail for any reason. You are solely responsible and liable for your access to and use of Third Party Services.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>No Restricted Transfers.</strong> You shall not knowingly sell, assign, or transfer (i) control of your digital wallet used to participate in an Airdrop or the Union Airdrop Program; or (ii) any Union Tokens that you claim or receive in connection with an Airdrop or the Union Airdrop Program, to any third party who is an Excluded Person or otherwise not eligible or permitted to participate in an Airdrop or the Union Airdrop Program or to claim, receive, or hold Union Tokens. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you shall not assist, directly or indirectly, any third party circumvent any lock-up period, transfer restrictions, or any other restriction with respect to the custody, transfer, distribution, sale, or other exploitation of the Union Tokens.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>Blockchain Technologies.</strong> We may reference or provide links to applications or applications related to smart contracts, protocols, and other blockchain technologies (<em>collectively</em>, “<strong>Blockchain Technologies</strong>”). The Blockchain Technologies are not part of the Union Airdrop Program or the Union Protocol, and your access to and use of any Blockchain Technologies is entirely at your own risk. In addition, any Third Party Services required to be accessed or used in order to interact with the Blockchain Technologies, including any digital wallet, are not part of the Union Airdrop Program or the Union Protocol and your access to and use of such Third Party Services are at your own risk. You represent and warrant that you understand the risks associated with the access to, use of, and reliance upon any Blockchain Technologies.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>Union Does Not Provide Professional Advice.</strong> All information provided by Union as part of or in connection with an Airdrop or the Union Airdrop Program is for informational purposes only and is not and should not be considered professional advice. You should seek independent legal, financial, and tax advice with respect to your participation in an Airdrop or the Union Airdrop Program, including with respect to your claiming or receipt of Union Tokens.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>No Fiduciary Duty.</strong> Your participation in an Airdrop or the Union Airdrop Program, including your claiming or receipt of Union Tokens does not create or impose any fiduciary duties upon Union. Union does not owe you or any third party any fiduciary duties or liabilities, and to the extent that any such duties or liabilities arise as a matter of law or equity, Union disclaims any such duties or liabilities, to the extent permitted by applicable law.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>No Warranties re: Airdrop or Union Airdrop Program.</strong> Without limiting the disclaimers set out in the General Terms, Union does not make, and expressly disclaims, all warranties, whether expressed or implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to any Airdrop or the Union Airdrop Program, including any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, or non-infringement. ANY AIRDROP, THE UNION AIRDROP PROGRAM AND UNION PROTOCOL ARE OPERATED AND PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE”. Union does not represent, warrant, or guarantee that any Airdrop or the Union Airdrop Program will (i) be, available, timely, uninterrupted, completed, or error-free; or (ii) meet your expectations or requirements. An Airdrop and the Union Airdrop Program, including the opportunity to claim or receive Union Tokens may be interrupted or suspended at any time, without prior notice and you will not be entitled to any consideration or compensation in connection with any such interruption, suspension, unavailability, or error. You are responsible for implementing adequate measures to protect the security and integrity of your activities on the Internet, including by installing anti-virus protection and maintaining external backups to recover any lost data or information.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>Harmful Code.</strong> Union is not responsible or liable for any software that may infect or otherwise affect the use of your computer equipment or other property on account of your participation in the Union Airdrop Program, your participation in staking on the Union Protocol, or your accessing any malicious hyperlinks claiming to be the Airdrop Website or otherwise affiliated with Union or the Union Airdrop Program.</p></li></ul>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">The acknowledgements and disclaimers contained in these Airdrop Program Terms are in addition to, and not in substitution of, the acknowledgements and disclaimers included in the General Terms.</p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>6. General Risk Factors</strong></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Union shall not be held liable for delays, suspension, or disruption of the Airdrop Program due to events beyond its control, including but not limited to natural disasters, regulatory actions, or network failures.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">By participating in an Airdrop or the Union Airdrop Program, including by claiming or receiving any Union Tokens you freely and voluntarily accept all risks and liabilities associated with such participation, which include the following:</p>
<ul><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>Risk re: Use of Smart Contracts and the Union Protocol.</strong> The Union Tokens are designed to be used on the Union Protocol. The use of smart contracts and related programs may expose you to substantial risks as the smart contracts deployed as part of the Union Protocol do not rely on a central party and could be subject to any of the following deficiencies that could undermine the proper functioning of the Union Protocol and the utility of the Union Tokens:</p><ul><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>Lack of Control of Protocol.</strong> The Union Protocol will be collectively controlled and governed by the community of Union Token holders (the “<strong>Union Protocol Users</strong>”) and Union is not able to control the actions or decisions of the Union Protocol Users. Any changes to the Union Protocol (including underlying smart contracts and security features) may need to be adopted by Union Protocol Users on behalf of the Union Protocol. The Union Protocol Users may make decisions and take actions (or fail to make decisions or take actions) that could be to your detriment or that adversely affect the Union Protocol, Union Protocol Users, or Union Tokens. The Union Protocol Users may also make decisions that prevent the Union Protocol from functioning as originally intended or communicated.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>Obstacles to Fixing of Flaws.</strong> If flawed smart contracts (including in the underlying code or programming languages) are deployed it may be difficult or impossible to fix the issue. Flaws may include a vulnerability from language complexity, bugs, or unanticipated limitations of functionality or reliability. Such flaws may be difficult or impossible to fix without deploying a new smart contract or incorporating other mechanisms that may be complex and costly. There is no guarantee that a flaw can be remedied. In addition, it may not be possible to reverse adverse consequences of a flaw, which may include the loss of your Union Tokens or other digital assets.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>Irreversible Transactions.</strong> The use of Blockchain Technologies creates public records that are very difficult to change. If a transaction is completed in error or as a result of fraud or theft, it would be very difficult, and potentially impossible, to reverse the transaction. Union is unable to replace Union Tokens that are lost or stolen as a result of error, theft, or fraud, and you will have no recourse against Union for reimbursement or replacement of such Union Tokens. Union’s inability to reverse transactions or remediate the harm caused could also undermine the reputation of the Union Protocol and Union Tokens.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>Lack of Interest in the Union Tokens or Protocol.</strong> The Union Protocol requires that Union Protocol Users be actively engaged with the Union Protocol in order for the Union Protocol to function properly. The Union Protocol and Union Tokens may not generate sufficient interest to be viable or functional (or to continue to be viable or functional) at any time. It is not possible to determine or anticipate whether the Union Protocol or Union Tokens will attract sufficient interest to be viable or functional.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>New Technologies.</strong> New technologies may be introduced into the Union Protocol and the Union Tokens that are untested. There is no guarantee that such new technologies will function as intended. Union may not have control over smart contract upgrades or administrative actions required to execute those upgrades, as it will not be able to control the decisions of the Union Protocol Users or the implementation of those decisions. It is also possible that upgrades may include security flaws that are not easily remedied. It is impossible to predict what new technologies may be developed and the impact these technologies may have on the Union Protocol or the Union Tokens.</p></li></ul></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>Risk re: Viability of Union Tokens.</strong> There is no assurance that the Union Tokens will function as intended, including as described on any website or communication, or that you will be able to use the Union Tokens in any particular way.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>Risk re: Security Breaches and Malicious Actions.</strong> Third parties may engage in activities aimed at undermining, manipulating, or exploiting the Union Protocol, Union Protocol Users, or Union Tokens, including through security breaches, cybersecurity attacks, malware attacks, slashing attacks, sybil attacks, denial-of-service attacks, smurfing and spoofing, governance attacks (e.g., vote buying, flash loans, quorum manipulation, reentrancy, and proposal exploitation) or other methods of exploitation. There is no guarantee that any cybersecurity or governance measures can prevent the malicious actions of third parties. For example, your Union Tokens may be partially or completely slashed despite your best efforts and the efforts of other Union Protocol Users to prevent such attacks. Union Tokens that are custodied by third parties, including in digital wallets may also be subject to security breach and other malicious actions. In addition, if access to your hot wallet is compromised, this could result in the theft or loss of all of your Union Tokens (and any other digital assets that you hold in the wallet).</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>Risk re: Fraudulent Digital Assets.</strong> Any person is able to create digital assets, including fraudulent versions of existing digital assets and digital assets that falsely claim to represent or be associated with certain projects, persons, or entities. You accept the risk that you and third parties may mistakenly claim or receive digital assets that are fraudulent representations of the Union Tokens. Union is not responsible and will not be liable for any Losses that you experience as a result of your claiming or receipt of any fraudulent or fake Union Tokens from a third party, including any claiming or receipt that occurs at the same time as a legitimate Airdrop operated by Union as part of the Union Airdrop Program.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>Risk re: New Laws and Regulations.</strong> The regulatory frameworks governing digital assets continue to develop worldwide and the Union Protocol and Union Tokens are or may become subject to regulatory frameworks that could adversely impact you, the Union Protocol, and the Union Tokens. In addition, existing laws may change and Union, the Union Protocol, and the Union Tokens may become subject to those new laws. To the extent that any new laws impose restrictions on the Union Protocol or the Union Tokens, this could adversely affect the adoption of the Union Protocol and the availability and liquidity of the Union Tokens.</p></li></ul>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>7. Indemnification</strong></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Indemnity obligations apply only to the extent participants knowingly or negligently breach these terms.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Without limiting any terms in the General Terms, including your indemnification obligations under the General Terms, you agree that you shall indemnify, defend, and hold the Union Parties harmless from and against any and all Losses incurred by Union Parties (or any of them) arising out of or in connection with: (i) your participation in the Airdrop or the Union Airdrop Program, including your claiming or receipt of Union Tokens; (ii) your breach of these Airdrop Program Terms or the General Terms, or (iii) your violation of any applicable law, regulation, or rights of any third party.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">If you are obligated to indemnify the Union Parties (or any of them), you agree that Union (or its designee) will have the right to control any action or proceeding and to determine whether Union wishes to settle the dispute and on what terms. You agree to fully cooperate with Union (and its designees) in the response to, defense, and settlement of any such claim.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Your obligations under this Section 7 will survive the expiration or termination of these Airdrop Program Terms.</p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>8. Limitation of Liability; Release</strong></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Union is not liable for any indirect or consequential damages, even if foreseeable. Liability is limited to the gas fees incurred by participants.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">To the maximum extent permitted by law, Union and its affiliates shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages, including, without limitation, lost profits, business interruption, loss of data, or other intangible losses, arising out of or related to your use of the services or products provided, even if advised of the possibility of such damages arising from any Airdrop, the Union Airdrop Program, or these Airdrop Program Terms.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">This limitation applies to all claims, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory. The limitations and exclusions in this section are in addition to those outlined in the General Terms, which are incorporated herein by reference.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users, including without limitation any Validators, on, through, or in connection with the Union Protocol and the Union Airdrop Program. You acknowledge and agree that we cannot be held liable for your interactions with other users, or for any user’s actions or inactions, including without limitation any Validators’ actions or inactions that result in slashing penalties. If you have a dispute with one or more users, you release us (and our affiliates and subsidiaries, and our and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such dispute(s). In entering into this release you expressly waive any protections (whether statutory or otherwise) that would otherwise limit the coverage of this release to include only those claims which you may know or suspect to exist in your favor at the time of agreeing to this release.</p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>9. Governing Law; Dispute Resolution &amp; Arbitration</strong></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">These Terms (and any Dispute arising under or in connection with these Terms) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with, in all respects including as to its validity, interpretation and effect, the laws of the Republic of Panama, without giving effect to its principles or rules of conflict of laws to the extent such principles or rules are not mandatorily applicable by statute and would permit or require the application of the laws of another jurisdiction.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Subject to the below, in relation to any dispute, controversy, or claim arising out of, relating to or in connection with these Terms, including with respect to the formation, applicability, breach, failure to pay, termination, validity, or enforceability thereof (each, a “<strong>Dispute</strong>”), shall be resolved via binding arbitration in the Republic of Panama under the rules of the International Chamber of Commerce (“<strong>ICC</strong>”) under its Commercial Arbitration Rules (“<strong>ICC Rules</strong>”) then in effect.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>BY ACCEPTING UNION TOKENS AND PARTICIPATING IN THE UNION AIRDROP PROGRAM, YOU EXPRESSLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT AND TO HAVE A JURY HEAR YOUR CLAIMS.</strong></p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Notwithstanding any other provision of these Terms, you agree that we have the right to apply for injunctive remedies (or an equivalent type of urgent legal relief) in any jurisdiction.</p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>10. Waiver of Class Actions &amp; Class Arbitrations</strong></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Any Dispute is personal to you and Union, and you agree that no Dispute will be brought as a class action, class arbitration or any other type of representative proceeding.</p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>11. Limitation on Time to Commence Disputes</strong></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">To the extent permitted by applicable law, you acknowledge and agree that any Dispute that you may have arising out of or relating to these Terms must be commenced within three months after the date that is the earlier of: (i) the date you discovered the Dispute; or (ii) the day on which a reasonable person with the abilities in the circumstances of the person with the Dispute first ought to have known of the Dispute.</p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>12. No Waiver</strong></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">No waiver of satisfaction of a condition or non-performance of an obligation under these Airdrop Program Terms is effective unless it is in writing and signed by the party granting the waiver or that party’s authorized representative. Unless expressly granted in writing and signed by the party granting the waiver or that party’s authorized representative, no waiver will extend to any subsequent non-satisfaction of a condition or non-performance of an obligation under these Airdrop Program Terms, whether or not of the same or similar nature to that which was waived. No waiver will affect the exercise of any other rights or remedies under these Airdrop Program Terms. Any failure or delay in exercising any right or remedy will not constitute, or be deemed to constitute, a waiver of that right or remedy. No single or partial exercise of any right or remedy will affect further exercise of any right or remedy.</p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>13. Entire Agreement</strong></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">These Airdrop Program Terms and to any separate written agreement between you and Union, constitute the entire agreement between you and Union with respect to the subject matter of these Airdrop Program Terms. There are no representations, covenants, or other terms other than those set out under these Airdrop Program Terms. These Airdrop Program Terms supersede any previous discussions, understandings, or agreements, between the parties relating to the subject matter of these Airdrop Program Terms.</p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>14. Severability</strong></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">If any provision of these Airdrop Program Terms is found to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from these Airdrop Program Terms and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.</p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>15. Assignment</strong></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">You may not assign, transfer, sublicense, or convey these Airdrop Program Terms, including any rights granted by Union and obligations assumed by you, except with Union’s prior written consent. We may assign, transfer, sublicense, or convey these Terms, and our rights and obligations under them, to any third party without notice to you.</p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>16. Contact Information</strong></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">If you have any questions, concerns, or suggestions regarding the Union Airdrop Program or these Airdrop Program Terms, please contact us at <a href="mailto:udrop@union.build"><u>udrop@union.build</u></a>.</p>
