---
title: "Auro Privacy Policy"
sourceId: "4BgHT0VqZ0kPyf4HVQ1Jhw"
published: true
createdAt: "2025-12-05T23:18:34.861Z"
updatedAt: "2025-12-05T23:19:39.810Z"
---
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Last Updated: November 11, 2025</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">This Privacy Policy describes how Auro (BVI) Limited (“<strong>Auro</strong>,” “<strong>we</strong>,” “<strong>our</strong>,” or “<strong>us</strong>”) may collect, use, and disclose personal information about you. This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you interact with our products, services, technology, features, and software (collectively, the “<strong>Services</strong>”) on or through our electronic platforms and applications (the “<strong>Platform</strong>”).</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Please read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you understand our policies and practices regarding your information. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, then your choice is not to interact with the Services. By accessing or using the Services you agree to this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to check this Privacy Policy often, so you stay informed about our practices and the choices available to you.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>1. Information We Collect</strong></p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Depending upon how you interact with the Services, we may collect information about you, such as:</p>
<ul><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Information You Directly Provide: You may provide us with information directly when, for instance, you communicate with our customer support team.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Information Collected Automatically: We may automatically collect information about you when you interact with certain content that we make available on the Platform.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Information from Third Parties: We may receive information about you from third parties, when, for example, you connect your third‑party online account or digital asset wallet. We may also collect information from risk-related service providers that help us detect potential misuse of the Services.</p></li></ul>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">In connection with using or accessing the Services, we may collect the following categories of information.</p>
<ul><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Communication Information: Information about communications you submit to us.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Blockchain Data: Data such as blockchain wallet addresses and transaction IDs.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Device Data: Data such as your device type and other data about your device such as its software and hardware details, browser type and version, and operating system.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Log and Usage Data: We may collect information about your activity on the Services like content viewed, pages visited, and links clicked.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Third Party Connections and Integrations: When you connect your third party account or interact with the Services through a third party platform, we may collect information that you or the third party platform make available to us including your social media account ID and/or user name associated with your profile, email address, friends list or information about the people and groups you are connected to, profile information, and any other information you have made public in connection with your account. Information we collect from third party services that you use to connect to the Services depends on your settings on the applicable third‑party service. Please see the privacy policies and terms for these third parties for more information.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Other Information. Any other information that you choose to provide or that we request.</p></li></ul>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">We may aggregate or de-identify information so that the information can no longer identify you, as defined under applicable laws. We may use and/or disclose aggregated or de-identified information for any purpose unless an applicable law says otherwise.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>2. How We Use Your Information</strong></p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">We may use the information we collect in connection with what we consider our <strong>Everyday Business Activities</strong> including using your information to:</p>
<ul><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Operate and Provide the Services: We may use the information we collect to provide and operate the Services such as contacting you about technical notices or security alerts.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Communicate with you about the Services: We may use information we collect about you to communicate with you about the Services like offers, promotions, and providing other news and information that we think will be of interest to you.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Foster Safety and Security: We use the information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users and the Services. This may include detecting and preventing malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activities; improving our security; exercising our legal rights; in compliance with any applicable law; and as permitted by law.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Facilitate a Corporate Transaction: We may use information we collect during negotiations or in connection with the sale of part or all of our assets, the acquisition of part or all of another business or business’ assets, or other transactions including but not limited to financing or bankruptcy.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Other Expected Purposes: In connection with any purpose expressly described at the time of collection or any purpose that is reasonably expected based on the context or in light of a term in our agreements with you.</p></li></ul>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>3. Sharing Information</strong></p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">You should know the ways that we share your information and why we share your information. In connection with our <strong>Everyday Business Activities</strong>, we may share information collected from or about you in the below circumstances.</p>
<ul><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Service Providers: We may share your information with services providers that perform functions or provide services on our behalf such as our business, professional, or technical support providers that help us with our business and the Services and/or administer activities in connection with the Services and our business.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Comply with Laws and Protect our Rights: We may share your information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable law and legal processes; respond to requests from public and government authorities including authorities outside your country of residence; protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others; and allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Investors and Acquirers: We may transfer your information to advisors, investors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the initial actions or engagement of a merger, acquisition, sale of some or all of our stock or assets, change in control, financing, bankruptcy, or similar transactions.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">With other Third Parties: There are situations when we may disclose your information to third parties in connection with our </p><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>Everyday Business Activities </strong></p><p class="mb-4 text-justify">and such sharing is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law or legal process.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">With Our Affiliates: We may share information by and among our business, and any of our parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other companies under common control and ownership.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">With Your Consent or at Your Direction: We may share your information with third parties when you direct us to do so or if you have consented to additional sharing of your information.</p></li></ul>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>4. Cookies and Similar Technologies</strong></p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Like most other online services, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect some of the data discussed in this Privacy Policy. These help us provide certain features to you and analyze usage information. The <strong>Your Choices </strong>section below provides additional information about our use of cookies and similar technologies and your ability to manage cookies.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Our use of cookies and similar technologies fall into the following general categories:</p>
<ul><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Essential: We may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies necessary to provide the Services. This includes technologies that allow you to access our website, services, and applications, or are required to identify irregular site behavior and improve security.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Performance: We may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies to assess the performance of the Services including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how visitors use our websites; determine if you have interacted with our messaging; determine whether you have viewed an item or link; and/or to improve our website content, applications, or services.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Functionality: We may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using the Services. This may include delivering error messages and enhancing the presentation of content on the Services.</p></li></ul>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Generally, we do not treat information collected by cookies as personal information. However, to the extent that applicable law considers IP addresses or similar identifiers personal information, we treat such information as personal information in the jurisdiction of such applicable law.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>5. Your Choices</strong></p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">You have certain choices about how to protect and limit the collection, use, and sharing of information about you including:</p>
<ul><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Opt-out of Cookies and Tracking Technologies: You can often adjust your browser setting to remove or reject browser cookies. If you remove or reject cookies, the availability and functionality of the Services may be affected.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Using Privacy Plug-Ins or Browsers: You can block websites from setting cookies used for interest-based ads by using a browser with privacy features or installing browser plugins and configuring them to block third party cookies or trackers.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Third Party Opt-Outs: You can also use opt-out tools offered by major online advertising industry groups to limit how cookies are used for advertising purposes by participating third parties. More information is available on the Network Advertising Initiative website and the Digital Advertising Alliance website.</p></li></ul>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Where required by applicable law and depending upon your jurisdiction, you may have access to certain rights. For example, the right to obtain confirmation that we maintain certain personal information relating to you, to verify its content, origin, and accuracy, as well as the right to access, review, port, delete, or block or withdraw consent to the processing of certain personal information (without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal).</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">If you are unable to exercise your rights using the mechanisms in this section, you may email us at privacy@auro.com. We may ask you to provide us with information, such as your name and email address and other pertinent information, necessary to reasonably verify your identity before responding to your request. If we can’t verify your identity, we will not be able to fulfill your request.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>6. International Transfers</strong></p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Your information may be transferred to a country other than the country where you are located. We comply with laws on the transfer of personal information between countries to help ensure your information is protected, wherever it may be.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>7. How We Protect Your Information</strong></p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">We use reasonable procedural, physical, and electronic safeguards to protect your information from unauthorized access or use including encryption at rest and during transit. Our measures are designed to protect against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, misuse, alteration, and unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, the information under our control. The safety and security of your information also depend on you, do not share your private cryptographic key with anyone.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>8. Information Storage</strong></p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">We retain your information as long as necessary to provide the Services, fulfill our legal obligations, enforce our legal agreements, and resolve disputes. The retention periods for your information are determined on a case-by-case basis depending on the nature of information, why it was collected, and the applicable legal reason for the retention. We may also keep your information when necessary to protect the safety and security of the Services.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Upon expiry of the applicable retention period, we will securely delete or anonymize your personal information in a manner that ensures it cannot be reconstructed or recovered. Deletion will occur within a reasonable timeframe following the end of the retention period, unless otherwise required by law.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>9. Age Restrictions</strong></p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">The Services are not intended for anyone under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children. In the event that we encounter information from an individual under the age of 18, we will promptly take steps to delete such information. If you believe your child under the age of 18 uploaded information in connection with the Services, please contact us using the information in the <strong>Contact Us </strong>section below.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>10. Changes to this Privacy Policy</strong></p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">We are always improving the Services and creating new features regularly. These updates sometimes require us to collect new information or use what we already have differently. Further, the laws regarding personal information and privacy frequently change. We will notify you of any changes we make by revising the date at the top of this page. If you object to any change, you can stop using the Services. After we post any changes, your continued use of the Services is subject to the updated Privacy Policy.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>11. Third Party Links and Features</strong></p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">The Services may contain links, banners, and/or widgets to third party sites, applications, or services. We may also incorporate third party software (including open‑source software) in the Services. These links and features are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of information provided through these third‑party links and features, nor any association with their operators. Union is not responsible for the practices of such third parties. Any information you provide to third parties on their sites or services is covered under their privacy and data collection practices and not covered by this Privacy Policy.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify"><strong>12. Contact Us</strong></p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">If you have any questions, please email us at privacy@auro.build</p>
