______________________________________________________________________

## title: "Terms of Service" sourceId: "7r42B6KGZ79je8cTEEyvom" published: true createdAt: "2025-08-28T22:03:11.127Z" updatedAt: "2025-08-29T16:07:03.271Z"

<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Last Updated: August 28, 2025</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">These Terms of Service (these “<strong>Terms</strong>”) constitutes a binding legal agreement between you and Union.fi Labs, Inc. (“<strong>Union</strong>,” “<strong>we</strong>,” “<strong>our</strong>,” or “<strong>us</strong>”). These Terms govern your access to and use of our electronic platforms and applications including <a href="https://app.union.build/">https://app.union.build/</a> (collectively, the “<strong>Platform</strong>”) and all related products, services, programs, technologies, software, tools, features, and information or data available or communicated via the Platform (collectively, the “<strong>Services</strong>”). </p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">By accessing or using the Services, you agree that you have read, understand, and accept these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms then you must not use the Services and we do not grant, shall not grant, or be deemed to grant to you, the license to access or use the Services.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">THESE TERMS INCLUDE A WAIVER OF ANY RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION, AS WELL AS A MANDATORY ARBITRATION CLAUSE THAT GOVERNS RESOLUTION OF CERTAIN DISPUTES AND WAIVES YOUR RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT OR HAVE A TRIAL BY JURY. <u><strong>PLEASE READ SECTION 17 CAREFULLY</strong></u>.</p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>1. </strong><u><strong>WHO MAY USE THE SERVICES</strong></u></h1>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold">1.1 Eligibility</h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">To be eligible to use the Services, you must be, and represent and warrant that you are: (a) at least 18 years old, capable of forming a binding contract with us; (b) have not previously been suspended or removed from the Services; and (c) will use the Services only for yourself. If you are accessing or using the Services on behalf of a company, organization, or other legal entity then you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind that entity to these Terms and agree, on behalf of that entity, to be bound by these Terms.</p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold">1.2 Sanctions</h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Your access and use of the Services is subject to applicable law, regulations, and treaties including, without limitation, export restrictions, end-user restrictions, anti-terrorism law, anti-money laundering law, trade sanctions, and economic sanctions imposed administered or enforced by the European Union, the United Kingdom, the United Nations Security Council, the United States Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Asset Control, the United States Department of State, the United States Department of Commerce, and any other applicable national, regional, provincial, state, municipal, or local law or regulation (collectively, “<strong>Sanctions</strong>”). </p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">You represent and warrant that you are not: (a) subject to Sanctions; (b) located, organized, or a resident in any country or territory subject to Sanctions; (c) under the control of any person or entity located, organized, or a resident in any country or territory subject to Sanctions; and/or (d) a citizen, resident, located, or organized in a jurisdiction where your access or use of the Services would otherwise be illegal.</p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>2. </strong><u><strong>USING THE SERVICES </strong></u></h1>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold">2.1 Digital Asset Wallets</h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">You must use a third party non-custodial wallet software application that interacts with public blockchains and is compatible with the Platform and the Services (“<strong>Digital Asset Wallet</strong>”). Your relationship with a Digital Asset Wallet provider is governed by the terms and conditions of that third party’s agreements. We assume no responsibility or liability in connection with your use of any Digital Asset Wallet. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to prohibit any Digital Asset Wallet from connecting to the Platform or from interacting with any part of the Services. We do not make any representations or warranties regarding how the Services or the Platform will interact or operate with your Digital Asset Wallet. By connecting a Digital Asset Wallet to the Platform, you agree to be bound by these Terms.</p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold">2.2 Digital Assets</h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">The Services are non-custodial applications. We do not, at any time, custody, possess, or control the virtual currency, cryptocurrency, stablecoins, non-fungible tokens, liquid staking tokens, or other crypto assets (collectively, “<strong>Digital Assets</strong>”) held, stored, or transferred to or from your Digital Asset Wallet. As the owner of Digital Assets stored in your Digital Asset Wallet, you acknowledge and agree that you bear all risk of loss related to Digital Assets sent, received, or stored in your Digital Asset Wallet. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the custody of the cryptographic private keys associated with your Digital Asset Wallet and will not share your Digital Asset Wallet credentials or seed phrase with any third party. We accept no responsibility for, or liability to you, in connection with your use of any Digital Asset Wallet. </p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold">2.3 The Protocol</h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">The Platform provides a web or mobile-based means to access the software protocols that govern the operation of Digital Assets (the “<strong>Protocol</strong>”). The Platform is one but not the exclusive means of accessing the Protocol. The Protocol is comprised of open-source or source-available self-executing smart contracts. You acknowledge and agree that the Platform is distinct from the Protocol, the Platform is one but not the exclusive means of accessing the Protocol, and your Protocol interactions or transactions are not interactions or transactions with us. You further understand and agree that we do not operate, own, or control the Protocol’s liquidity pools or control trade execution on the Protocol. </p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold">2.4 The Union Network</h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">The “$U” token (“<strong>U Token</strong>”) is a Digital Asset that may be used in connection with the software protocols underlying the Services (collectively, the “<strong>Union Network</strong>”). The U Token secures the Union Network and U Token holders may use their U Tokens to participate in the Union Network. You understand, acknowledge, and agree that we do not offer, make available, or control the distribution, sale, or functionalities of the U Token. You waive any and all claims against us regarding your interactions or transactions regarding the U Token. </p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold">2.5 Security</h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">You are responsible for maintaining adequate security and control of any and all IDs, passwords, cryptographic private keys, hints, personal identification numbers (PINs), API keys, or other codes that you use to access the Services. Any loss or compromise of any of the foregoing can result in unauthorized access to your Digital Asset Wallet and the loss or theft of your Digital Assets. We assume no responsibility for any loss that you may sustain due to a compromise of your access credentials due to no fault of ours or your failure to follow up or act on any notices or alerts that we provide or send to you. In the event that we suspect that an unauthorized person is accessing the Services via your Digital Asset Wallet, we reserve the right to terminate, suspend, or restrict your access and use of the Services. </p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold">2.6 Testnet Participation</h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">You may participate in the Testnet that we make available on or through the Platform (“<strong>Union Testnet</strong>”). The Union Testnet is designed to demonstrate the functionality and features of certain Services and to improve user experience. Although your participation in the Union Testnet is voluntary, your access and use of the Union Testnet is subject to these Terms. We make no representation or warranty that the Union Testnet will, in part or whole, accurately simulate, duplicate, or replicate the Services. In connection with the Union Testnet, you may receive, use, transfer, or otherwise interact with certain crypto assets (“<strong>Testnet Tokens</strong>”). Testnet Tokens do not: (a) have any monetary value; (b) constitute any currency or property of any time; (c) are not redeemable, refundable, or eligible for any fiat, Digital Asset, or other type of value; and (d) are not transferable between users outside of the Union Testnet. Testnet Tokens are not convertible into any Reward (defined below). Any attempt to transfer, sell, or trade Testnet Tokens, or otherwise receive credit for the Testnet Tokens will be null and void. You acknowledge and agree that your access to and use of Testnet Tokens will be removed upon expiration or termination of the Union Testnet, and all accrued Testnet Tokens will be deleted from the Union Testnet.</p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>3. </strong><u><strong>THIRD PARTY SERVICES AND WAIVER</strong></u></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">The Platform may include, without limitation, links to sites, technology, applications, products, services, materials, or resources, provided or made available to you by third parties (“<strong>Third Party Services</strong>”). Your access and use of any Third Party Service are subject to the terms and policies of the applicable Third Party Service provider including, without limitation, the applicable terms and conditions of all Testnet faucet service providers found <a href="https://app.union.build/faucet">here</a>.</p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold">3.1 Third Party Services</h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for any and all costs, charges, and fees associated with your use of any Third Party Service. Our integration or inclusion of any Third Party Service does not imply endorsement or recommendation. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the availability, reliability, accuracy, or legitimacy of any Third Party Service (including any related websites, resources, or links displayed therein). Any dispute you have involving a Third Party Service including, without limitation, your intellectual property rights, is between you and the provider of such Third Party Service. </p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">We will not be responsible or liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by, or in connection with, your use of, or reliance on, any Third Party Service. If, to the extent we permit, you grant express permission to a Third Party Service to access or connect to the Services through such third party or the Platform, you acknowledge that granting permission to any third party to take specific actions on your behalf does not relieve you of any of your responsibilities under these Terms. You are fully responsible for any act or omission of any third party. You acknowledge and agree that you will not hold us responsible for, and will indemnify us from, any liability arising out of or related to any act or omission of any third party with access to your Digital Asset Wallet, decentralized application, software, or other mechanism that you use to interact with the Services.</p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold">3.2 Third Party Accounts</h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">You may connect third party online accounts provided you have with the Platform (“<strong>Third Party Accounts</strong>”). You represent and warrant that you are entitled to disclose Third Party Account login information to us and/or grant us access to your Third Party Account, without breach of any term or provision that governs your use of the applicable Third Party Account. You acknowledge and agree that by connecting any Third Party Account to the Platform we may access, make available, and store any information, data, or content stored in your Third Party Account (collectively, “<strong>Linked Account Information</strong>”) so that such information is available on and through the Platform via your account. We make no effort to review any Linked Account Information for any purpose including, without limitation, for accuracy, legality, or non-infringement, and we are not responsible for any Linked Account Information. </p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold">3.3 Waiver of Claims</h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you waive any and all claims, demands, and damages of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, against Union and each of our respective officers, employees, agents, and successors arising out of or in any way related to any of the risks set forth herein. You also waive application of Section 1542 of the Civil Code of the State of California, or any similar statue or law of any other jurisdiction. Section 1542 reads as follows: “a general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor.” </p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>4. </strong><u><strong>REWARDS</strong></u></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">In connection with the Services, you may earn or receive incentives, prizes, points, or rewards, (collectively, “<strong>Rewards</strong>”). Any Reward that we may offer or make available through the Platform or the Services, from time to time and at any time, is subject to these Terms and any other applicable term or provision directly or indirectly related to or in connection with the Reward. </p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold">4.1 General Reward Terms</h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">By accepting these Terms, you hereby unconditionally and irrevocably confirm that you understand and accept any and all risks directly related to or in connection with Rewards. You further agree and consent that you grant all necessary rights for using your Digital Assets that you use directly or in connection with any program, campaign, mission, or other activity we offer or make available (collectively, “<strong>Reward Services</strong>”). We reserve the right to change, modify, discontinue, or cancel any Reward Service at our sole discretion, at any time, and without notice to you. </p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Any information regarding the potential amount of a Reward is an estimate only. Union does not, in any way, represent, warrant, covenant, or guarantee the rate, multiplier, or other formula used to calculate Rewards (collectively, “<strong>Reward Rates</strong>”) will, at any time, remain the same and may fluctuate up or down from time to time. You acknowledge and agree that any representations, whether express or implied regarding any Reward Rate may be based on factors including but not limited to: (a) an estimate based on general market rates; (b) special rates during promotional periods; and/or (c) observations of available on-chain rates. </p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold">4.2 Slashing </h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Some or all of the aggregate amount of the Rewards or other amounts may be programmatically destroyed as a penalty imposed by the applicable underlying blockchain network (“<strong>Slashing Penalty</strong>”). As a result, there may be non-payment of Rewards and the staked Digital Assets may be subject to a penalty. We will not be responsible or liable for any monetary or equitable damage you incur including any legal or monetary arising directly or in connection with your access, use, or unauthorized access of the Services.</p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold">4.3 No Guarantee of Rewards</h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">You understand and agree that we do not guarantee that you will earn or receive any Reward. We expressly disclaim all representations and warranties regarding any Reward including, without limitation, that any: (a) Reward will be received; (b) Reward will occur on a continuous basis; (c) Reward Service will be on an uninterrupted basis or error-free basis; and (d) any particular Digital Asset will be available in connection with a Reward Service. </p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Union has no liability for and expressly disclaims any loss, liability, or damage that you may incur directly, indirectly, or in connection with Rewards including, without limitation, damages arising from or in connection with: (a) interruptions to any and all Reward Services; (b) the protocols of the applicable blockchain network distributing Rewards; and (c) errors, defects, disruptions, discontinuances, and/or restrictions of Rewards and/or Reward Services.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">UNION AND ITS THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT YOU WILL RECEIVE ANY REWARD INCLUDING ANY VALIDATION REWARD OR STAKING REWARD. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT UNION AND THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY FAILURE BY THE APPLICABLE BLOCKCHAIN NETWORK OR OTHER THIRD PARTY IN DISBURSING ANY REWARD. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT PAST REWARDS ARE NOT INDICATIVE OF EXPECTED FUTURE REWARDS. UNION WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY REWARD OR SLASHING PENALTY THAT RESULTS FROM YOUR ACCESS OR USE OF THE SERVICES. </p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>5. </strong><u><strong>RISK DISCLOSURES</strong></u></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">You understand, accept, and agree to assume all of the various risks involved in interacting with the Platform, the Services, the Protocol, Digital Asset Wallets, Digital Assets, Rewards, and all other services, products, or features directly related to or in connection with these Terms including, without limitation, all risks set forth below. </p>
<ul><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Digital Assets, the features, functions, characteristics, operations, use, and other properties and/or software, networks, protocols, systems, or other technology that Digital Assets interact with are complex; and the terms, features, or risks described herein are not a complete or exhaustive list of all such features, risks, or complexities and may not be readily or fully understood due to such complexities. </p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">If you act as a liquidity provider to the Protocol through the Platform, you understand that your Digital Asset may lose some or all value while supplied to the Protocol due to fluctuations in Digital Asset prices in a trading pair or liquidity pool. </p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">If you supply Digital Asset to a liquidity pool in an automated market maker (“<strong>AMM</strong>”), your deposited assets may lose relative value as the ratio of the Digital Assets in the liquidity pool fluctuate (“<strong>Impermanent Loss</strong>”). An AMM functions by allowing market forces to rebalance the ratio of Digital Assets in a liquidity pool. Once this rebalancing or Digital Assets occurs, you may end up withdrawing a different ratio of Digital Assets than when you deposited your Digital Assets into the liquidity pool. As such, you may perceive a “loss” in value in U.S. dollar terms due to the rebalancing of the Digital Assets in the liquidity pool. You represent that you understand the risk of Impermanent Loss. You further represent that you have carefully considered the likelihood of price divergence in a liquidity pool, and that you understand that we cannot control the amount of loss you incur.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Blockchain networks and Digital Assets may be subject to forks or attacks on the security, integrity, and/or operation of the networks, including any network events. These events may affect features, functionality, operations, use, or properties of any Digital Asset or network and/or the value of any Digital Asset.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">The public nature of the Internet means that parts or the Internet may be unreliable or unavailable at any given time. Interruption, delay, corruption, loss of data, the loss of confidentiality or privacy through the course of data transmission, or malware transmission may occur when transmitting data via the Internet or other technology. This can result in your transaction(s) not being executed according to your instructions, at the requested time, and/or not at all. No technology is completely secure or safe.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Digital Assets may decrease in value or lose all value, in a short period of time or permanently, due to various factors including, without limitation, government or regulatory activity, the discovery of wrongful or illegal conduct, market manipulation, price distortion, insider dealing, market distortion, malicious wrongdoing or behaviors, changes to the Digital Asset’s nature or characteristics, suspension, or cessation of support for a Digital Asset by exchanges, public opinion, technical advancements, macroeconomic and political factors, and other factors outside of our control.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Digital Assets stored in a Digital Asset Wallet are not protected deposits and may not be protected by any deposit protection scheme. Thus, Digital Assets have a reduced level and type of protection compared to fiat and other asset classes or types.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">We are subject to an extensive and rapidly evolving regulatory landscape, and any changes to any law or regulation could adversely impact our ability to offer the Services and/or your use or access to the Services. Such regulatory change may also impact your legal obligations with respect to your use of the Services.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">You understand that smart contract transactions automatically execute and settle, and blockchain-based transactions are irreversible when confirmed. You acknowledge and accept that the cost and speed of transacting with cryptographic and blockchain-based systems are variable and may increase dramatically at any time. </p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Digital Assets will be irretrievably lost if sent to the wrong address. For instance, if the address is improperly formatted, contains an error, or for a different type of Digital Asset.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">We may run promotional campaigns from time to time that are sponsored by our business partners with higher annual percentage rates to benefit users. These higher rates may be temporary and you should consider whether the relevant offer still meets your needs once the interest rate reverts to its normal level after the promotional period. </p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify">Staking rewards are not guaranteed and may be based on network performance, validator reliability, and other external factors. Union does not assure any specific level of returns or profitability from staking activities. </p></li></ul>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>6. </strong><u><strong>ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS AND COVENANTS</strong></u></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">By accessing or using the Services, you acknowledge, agree, represent, and warrant that you have received a copy of, have carefully read, understand, accept, and agree to assume all of the risks involved with the Platform, the Services, the Protocol, and Digital Assets including without limitation, the risks specifically set forth in these Terms. You agree that we will not be liable to you for any loss, damage, expense, or liability that is or may relate to any of the risks specifically set forth in these Terms. You agree that you are able to bear any financial or other loss associated with or that may otherwise relate to your access or use of the Services. </p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">You represent and warrant that you are not relying on (and will not at any time rely on) our communication (written or oral) as advice or as a recommendation to engage in any transaction or interaction involving the Services. You agree that we have not: (a) given any guarantee or representation as to the potential success, return, effect, or benefit (either legal, regulatory, tax, financial, accounting, or otherwise) of transacting in Digital Assets, and/or using the Services; and/or (b) made any representation to you regarding the legality of transacting in Digital Assets and/or the Services under applicable law. In deciding to use the Services you have made your own independent decision that using the Services is suitable and appropriate for you. </p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">You acknowledge and agree that we do not provide investment advice and any content on the Services or other communication channel should not be considered as tailored investment advice. You must seek professional advice regarding your particular financial, legal, technical, and other conditions prior to commencing your use of the Services. You represent and warrant that you fully understand all risks associated with using the Services and you have the necessary experience, understanding, and risk tolerance for using the Services including the necessary experience and knowledge to enter into any use or transaction regarding the Services. You acknowledge and accept any and all risks regarding the Services and are responsible for conducting your own independent analysis of the risks specific to your access or use of the Services. </p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE LAWFULNESS OF YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE SERVICES, THE PLATFORM, REWARDS, OR THIRD PARTY SERVICE, NOR SHALL ANY PERSON AFFILIATED, OR CLAIMING AFFILIATION, WITH US HAVE AUTHORITY TO MAKE ANY SUCH REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES.</p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>7. </strong><u><strong>PROHIBITED USE AND REPRESENTATIONS</strong></u></h1>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>7.1 Prohibited Use</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">You may not use the Services to engage in the following categories of activity (each a “<strong>Prohibited Use</strong>”). The specific types of activities listed below are representative, but not exhaustive. </p>
<ul><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><u><strong>Unlawful Activity</strong></u>. Activity which, in any way, would violate, or assist in violation of, any law, statue, ordinance, or regulation, sanctions programs administered in the countries where we offer the Services, or which would involve proceeds of any unlawful activity; publish, distribute, or disseminate any unlawful material or information.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><u><strong>Abusive of Others</strong></u>. Interfere with another individual’s access to or use of the Services including but not limited to exploiting, harming, or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content; defame, abuse, extort, harass, stalk, threaten, or otherwise violate or infringe the legal rights of others; ask for personally identifiable information, or otherwise; transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material, including any “junk mail,” “chain letter,” “spam,” or any other similar solicitation; to impersonate or attempt to impersonate Union, an employee, another user, or any other person or entity (including, without limitation, by using email addresses, screen names, similarly named or commonly misspelled URLs, or associated blockchain identities); engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of the Services; incite, threaten, encourage, or promote hate, racial intolerance, or violent acts against others. </p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><u><strong>Fraud</strong></u>. Activity which operates to deceive or defraud, or attempt to deceive or defraud, us, any users, or any other person including, without limitation providing any false, inaccurate, or misleading information whether directly through the Services or through an external means that affects the Services with the intent to unlawfully obtain the property of another or to provide knowingly or recklessly false information, including in any way that causes inaccuracy among the content on the Services.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><u><strong>Abusive Activity</strong></u>. To cause the Services, the Platform, underlying blockchain network(s) or technologies, or any other functionality with which the Services interact with, to work other than as intended; damage our reputation, or impair any of our legal rights or interests; engage in any activity or behavior that violates any applicable laws concerning, or otherwise damages, the integrity of the Services or any other service or software which relies on the Services; use the Services in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, impair, or interfere with the Services, including the ability to engage in real time activities through the Services; use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, process, or means to access the Services for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on the Services; attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage, or disrupt any parts of the Services, the server on which the Services or information in connection with the Services is stored, or any server, computer, or database connected to the Services, including any underlying blockchain; through the use of any tools or techniques intended to circumvent, or attempt to circumvent, any restrictions that apply to the Services.</p></li><li><p class="mb-4 text-justify"><u><strong>Intellectual Property Infringement</strong></u>. Violate the legal rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or contain any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable law or regulation or that otherwise may be in conflict with these Terms; engage in transactions involving items that infringe or violate any copyright, trademark, right of publicity or privacy, or any other proprietary right under the law, including but not limited to sales, distribution, or access to counterfeit music, software, or other licensed materials without the appropriate authorization from the rights holder; use of our intellectual property, name, or logo, including use of any of our trade or service marks, without our express consent or in a manner that otherwise harms us or ourbrand; any action that implies an untrue endorsement by or affiliation with us.</p></li></ul>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>7.2 Representations and Warranties</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Without limitation to any other term or provision in these Terms, you represent and warrant to us that you: (a) will not engage in any Prohibited Use; (b) will abide by any and all applicable laws of the jurisdiction where you are located, all local, national, and international practices regarding Internet use, and all network agreements, rules, and procedures related to or in connection with the Services; (c) will only preform transactions and make interactions that comply with applicable law and regulation in your jurisdiction; (d) have obtained sufficient information about the Services, the Platform, Digital Assets, Rewards, Digital Asset Wallets, the Protocol, and all other services, applications, and features directly related to or in connection with the Services to make an informed decisions in regard to your use of the Services; (e) you will bear the full responsibility for any and all activities that occurs in connection with your use or access to the Services including, without limitation: (i) any transaction or interaction on the Platform or in connection with the Services; (ii) disclosing or publishing information; (iii) clicking to agree with various agreements; and (iv) uploading and submitting various documents or information; and (f) you are the legal and rightful owner of the Digital Assets in the Digital Asset Wallet, and any and all Digital Assets you use in connection with the Services. </p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>8. </strong><u><strong>CHANGES, SUSPENSION, AND TERMINATION</strong></u></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">We may, at our sole discretion and without liability to you, with or without prior notice and at any time, modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any part of the Services. You acknowledge that our decision to take certain actions including limiting, suspending, or terminating your access to the Services, may be based on our confidential criteria that are essential to our risk management and security protocols. You agree that we are under no obligation to disclose the details of our risk management and security procedures to you. </p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>8.1 No Liability for Changes</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">We will not be liable for any losses suffered by you resulting from any modification of the Services or from any suspension or termination of your access to all or a portion of the Services. You acknowledge that Digital Asset values may fluctuate during any period during which the Services have been suspended and agree that we will have no liability for any such fluctuations. You also acknowledge that in the event of permanent suspension or termination of the Services, the Digital Assets associated with your account may be lost and that we will have no liability for any such losses. You waive and hold us and our licensees and service providers harmless from any claims resulting from any action taken by us and/or any of the foregoing parties during, or taken as a consequence of, investigations by us, such parties, or law enforcement authorities. We have the right and sole discretion to cooperate fully with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone using the Services.</p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>8.2 Effect of Termination</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">In the event of the termination of your right to access or use any part or all of the Services, discontinuation of the Services, or other termination of your right to access any portion or all of the Services we may: (a) block any and all of your Digital Wallet Addresses and Third Party Accounts from accessing the Services; (b) delete or deactivate your profile and all related information and/or materials associated therewith, without liability to you; and/or (c) cancel any open transaction, or other use of the Services that are pending at the time of discontinuation or termination.</p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>9. </strong><u><strong>INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS</strong></u></h1>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>9.1 Union</strong> <strong>Materials</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">The Services and its entire contents, features, and functionality including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video, and audio, the design, selection, and arrangement thereof, and the “look and feel” of the Services, except any open source software, are owned by us (“<strong>Union Materials</strong>”), its licensors, or other providers of such material and are protected by applicable and/or international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws. </p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>9.2 Limitations on Use</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">In connection with your use of the Services, you may use the Union Materials solely as authorized by us for as long as we permit you to continue accessing the Services. Without limiting the foregoing, you agree not to: (a) resell, lease, lend, share, distribute, or otherwise permit any third party to use the Union Materials or the Services; (b) modify or create derivative works of Union Materials or the Services, or any portion thereof, or any data or information received by you in connection therewith; (c) frame, display, or incorporate the Union Materials or the Services in any website or any other work of authorship; (d) decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, or attempt to discover the source code of the Services or Union Materials; (e) use the Services or Union Materials to design, develop, or create any competing product or service; (f) use the Union Materials or Services for any commercial or noncommercial purpose other than their intended purposes determined at our sole discretion; (g) suggest, imply, or misrepresent any affiliation, connection, or partnership with, or endorsement by, Union; or (h) use the Services or Union Materials in any service bureau environment.</p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>9.3 Rights We Grant You</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">We hereby permit you to use and access the Services, provided that you comply with these Terms. If any software, content, or other materials owned or controlled by us are distributed to you as part of your access or use of the Services, we hereby grant you a non-sublicensable, non-transferable, and non-exclusive right and license to execute, access, and display such software, content, and materials provided to you as part of the Services, in each case for the sole purpose of enabling you to use the Services as permitted by these Terms. </p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>9.4 Reservation of Rights</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">If your use or access to the Services is in breach of these Terms, your right to access the Services will stop immediately and you must, at our sole option, return or destroy any copies of the materials that you made directly or indirectly from the Services. No right, title, or interest in or to the Services is transferred to you, and all rights not expressly granted are reserved by us. You may freely use any open-source materials up to the limits provided, but in accordance with any requirements placed, by those materials’ open-source licenses. Any use of the Services not expressly permitted by these Terms is a breach of these Terms and may violate copyright, trademark, and other applicable laws.</p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>9.5 Trademarks</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Our legal name, the terms “Union,” “Union.fi,” “Union Labs,” “Union Build,” and any and all other related names, logos, product and/or service names, designs, and slogans are trademarks of Union, its affiliates, or licensors. You agree not to use such marks without our prior express written permission.</p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>10. </strong><u><strong>PLATFORM CONTENT</strong></u></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any materials or information that we or a third party present on or through the Services and such information is made available solely for general information and education purposes. Any material, content, or information posted to the Services should not be construed as an intention to form a contract, and in no case should any information be construed as an offer from Union to buy, sell, exchange, or otherwise transact with you using Digital Assets. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such information or materials by you, any other user or person who may be informed of any of the Services contents, or by the actions or omissions of others interacting with the Services.</p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>11. </strong><u><strong>FEEDBACK</strong></u></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Any questions, suggestions, ideas, feedback, reviews, or other information or materials regarding the Services that you provide us with (collectively, “<strong>Feedback</strong>”) are non-confidential. Union will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of Feedback for any purpose, commercial or otherwise without acknowledgment, attribution, or compensation to you. You hereby assign to Union all right, title, and interest to Feedback together with all associated intellectual property rights and waive any claim for, acknowledgement or compensation based on any Feedback or any modifications made based on any Feedback. </p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>12. </strong><u><strong>RELATIONSHIP</strong></u></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Union is not your broker, intermediary, agent, or advisor and has no fiduciary relationship or obligation to you in your use of the Services. Union does not provide investment, tax, or legal advice, and you are solely responsible for any transaction, investment, strategy, decision, or other act that you make when using the Services. We may provide educational material or information on the Platform, through the Services, social media account, or other channel of communication. No communication or information provided to you by Union is intended as, or shall be considered or construed as, advice. You acknowledge and agree to the fullest extent such duties or liabilities are afforded by law or by equity, such duties and liabilities are hereby irrevocably disclaimed, waived, and eliminated, and that we shall be held completely harmless in relation thereof. </p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>13. </strong><u><strong>CHARGES AND FEES</strong></u></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">We may, in our sole discretion and at any time, set or modify the fees for any or all of the Services. Except as required by law, fees are non-refundable.</p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>13.1 Our Fees</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">You agree to pay us all applicable fees associated with your use of the Services. We may change the fees and any fee schedule at any time, without notice.</p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>13.2 Third Party Fees </strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">You may be charged fees for your use or access to the Protocol through a third party interface. You are responsible for doing your own diligence on any third party interface to understand any applicable fee or charge that the third party interface provider may charge you. Under no circumstances will Union incur any liability, of any kind, to you arising from or relating to fees charged to you by your access or use to the Protocol via a third party interface or any Third Party Service.</p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>13.3 Blockchain Fees</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Blockchain transactions require the payment of transaction fees to the appropriate network’s nodes, miners, validators, or operators (“<strong>Blockchain Fees</strong>”). You will be solely responsible to pay the Blockchain Fees for any transaction that you initiate via the Services. Blockchain Fees are neither levied directly by Union nor paid to or shared with Union in any way, but rather are determined by your use of the Services and the rules placed by corresponding blockchain communities at large. You acknowledge and agree that Union has no control over Blockchain Fees (including without limitation their applicability, payment, amounts, transmission, intended operation, and effectiveness) whether related to your use of the Services or otherwise, and in no event will Union be responsible to you or any other party for the payment, repayment, refund, disbursement, indemnity, or for any other aspect of your use or transmission of Blockchain Fees.</p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>14. </strong><u><strong>WARRANTY DISCLAIMER</strong></u></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Union has no oversight on or control over any particular Digital Asset, Protocol, or blockchain network. You are responsible for your use of the Services, the functionalities that you enable, transactions engaged on the Protocol through the Services, and access or use of the information derived thereof. You are also solely responsible for complying with all applicable laws related to transactions and activities that directly or indirectly incorporate our provision of the Services. You acknowledge and understand that we are not registered nor licensed with, nor have the Services or the software contained therein been reviewed by any securities, commodities, or other financial or banking regulator. You further acknowledge and understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that files available for download from the Services will be free of viruses or other destructive code. </p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for: (a) an appropriate blockchain based utility; (b) anti-virus protection and accuracy of data input and output; (c) your participation in and use of the Protocol and related technologies; and (d) maintaining a means external to our site to reconstruct any lost data. </p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, IN NOT EVENT WILL UNION AND/OR OUR SERVICE PROVIDERS OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, JOINT VENTURERS, EMPLOYEES, OR REPRESENTATIVES BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY A DISTRIBUTED DENIAL-OF-SERVICE ATTACK, MAN-IN-THE-MIDDLE ATTACK, VIRUS, OR OTHER TECHNOLOGICALLY HARMFUL MATERIAL THAT MAY INFECT YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, COMPUTER PROGRAMS, DATA, OR OTHER PROPRIETARY MATERIAL DUE TO YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, PLATFORM, OR UNION MATERIALS, AND ANY PRODUCT, SERVICE OR OTHER ITEM PROVIDED BY OR ON BEHALF OF UNION THROUGH THE SERVICES, OR YOUR DOWNLOADING OF ANY MATERIAL POSTED ON IT, OR ON ANY THIRD PARTY WEBSITE LINKED TO IT.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES AND ANY SERVICE CONTENT IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICES, UNION MATERIALS, PLATFORM, PROTOCOL, REWARDS, AND ANY OTHER SERVICE, PRODUCT, FEATURE, OR REWARD, PROVIDED BY OR ON BEHALF OF UNION ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS’’ AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT LEGALLY PERMISSIBLE, IN NOT EVENT WILL UNION, OUR SERVICE PROVIDERS, OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, JOINT VENTURERS, EMPLOYEES, OR REPRESENTATIVES BE LIABLE FOR, AND EXPLICITLY DISCLAIM, ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND RELATED THE SERVICES, UNION MATERIALS, U TOKENS, PLATFORM, PROTOCOL, REWARDS, AND ANY OTHER SERVICE, PRODUCT, FEATURE, OR REWARD, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING (WITHOUT LIMITATION) THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. NEITHER UNION AND/OR OUR SERVICE PROVIDERS OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, JOINT VENTURERS, EMPLOYEES, OR REPRESENTATIVES MAKES ANY WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY, OR AVAILABILITY OF THE SERVICES, UNION MATERIALS, THE PROTOCOL, THE PLATFORM, THE UNION NETWORK, AND/OR ANY PRODUCT, SERVICE, FEATURE, OR OTHER ITEM PROVIDED BY OR ON BEHALF OF UNION. </p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">UNION AND/OR OUR SERVICE PROVIDERS OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, JOINT VENTURERS, EMPLOYEES, OR REPRESENTATIVES DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT: (A) ACCESS TO THE SERVICES, UNION MATERIALS, THE PLATFORM, THE PROTOCOL, AND ANY OTHER PRODUCT, SERVICE, FEATURE, REWARD, OR ITEM PROVIDED BY OR ON BEHALF OF UNION WILL BE CONTINUOUS, UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, WITHOUT DELAY, ERROR-FREE, SECURE, OR FREE FROM DEFECTS; (B) THE INFORMATION CONTAINED OR PRESENTED ON THE SERVICES, UNION MATERIALS, THE PROTOCOL, OR THE PLATFORM IS ACCURATE, RELIABLE, COMPLETE, CONCISE, CURRENT, OR RELEVANT; (C) THE SERVICES, UNION MATERIALS, PLATFORM, PROTOCOL, REWARDS, AND ANY OTHER SERVICE, PRODUCT, FEATURE, REWARD, OR ANY SOFTWARE CONTAINED THEREIN WILL BE FREE FROM DEFECTS, MALICIOUS SOFTWARE, ERRORS, OR ANY OTHER HARMFUL ELEMENTS, OR THAT ANY OF SUCH WILL BE CORRECTED; OR (D) THE SERVICES, UNION MATERIALS, PLATFORM, PROTOCOL, REWARDS, AND ANY OTHER SERVICE, PRODUCT, FEATURE, OR REWARD, WILL MEET ANY USER’S EXPECTATIONS. NO INFORMATION OR STATEMENT THAT WE MAKE, INCLUDING DOCUMENTATION OR PRIVATE COMMUNICATION, SHOULD BE TREATED AS OFFERING ANY WARRANTY CONCERNING THE SERVICES, UNION MATERIALS, PLATFORM, PROTOCOL, REWARDS, AND ANY OTHER SERVICE, PRODUCT, FEATURE, OR REWARD PROVIDED BY OR ON BEHALF OF UNION. WE DO NOT ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME ANY LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY CONTENT, ADVERTISEMENTS, OFFERS, STATEMENTS, OR ACTIONS BY ANY THIRD PARTY EITHER REGARDING THE SERVICES, UNION MATERIALS, THE PLATFORM, THE PROTOCOL, REWARDS, AND ANY PRODUCT, SERVICE OR OTHER ITEM PROVIDED BY OR ON BEHALF OF UNION. THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.</p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>15. </strong><u><strong>INDEMNIFICATION</strong></u></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Union and/or our licensors and service providers, and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers, successors, and assigns from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses, or fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or relating to: (a) your violation of these Terms; (b) your use of Services; (c) your interactions or transaction with or on the Platform through the Services or the Protocol, and any other service, product, application, program, or feature accessible on or through the Services; (d) your use of or reliance on the Platform’s content, the Services, Union Materials, and/or any other services or products other than as expressly authorized in these Terms; (e) your access or use of a Third Party Service; (f) engaging in any Prohibited Use, whether alone or in concert with others such as front-running; (g) connecting any Third Party Account to the Services and/or any Linked Account Information; (h) congestion on any blockchain network available on the Platform; (i) failed transactions when bridging, staking, converting, or otherwise transacting Digital Assets; and/or (j) your use of any Software Development Kit (SDK), Command-Line Interface (CLI), Application Program Interface (API), or other software offered by us or provided through the Platform or Services.</p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>16. </strong><u><strong>LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES</strong></u></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL UNION, OUR LICENSORS, OR OUR SERVICE PROVIDERS AND THEIR EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS, OR DIRECTORS BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES, UNION MATERIALS, THE PLATFORM, THE PROTOCOL, AND/OR ANY PRODUCT, SERVICE, REWARD, DIGITAL ASSET, OR OTHER ITEM PROVIDED BY OR ON BEHALF OF UNION, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE. THIS DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY EXTENDS TO ANY AND ALL DAMAGES CAUSED BY ANY THIRD PARTY (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE CAUSED BY FRAUD, DECEIT, OR MANIPULATION), WHETHER OR NOT A USER, OR ANY FAILURE, EXPLOIT, OR VULNERABILITY OF THE SERVICES, THE PLATFORM, THE PROTOCOL, UNION MATERIALS, AND ANY PRODUCT, SERVICE OR OTHER ITEM PROVIDED BY OR ON BEHALF OF UNION.</p>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL THE COLLECTIVE LIABILITY OF UNION, AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS, AND DIRECTORS, TO ANY PARTY (REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE GREATER OF $100 OR THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID DIRECTLY TO UNION FOR THE SERVICES IN THE LAST SIX MONTHS OUT OF WHICH LIABILITY AROSE. THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY LIABILITY THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.</p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>17. </strong><u><strong>DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND MANDATORY ARBITRATION</strong></u></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Please read this section carefully because it waives any right to participate in any class action or other representative action or proceeding. This section requires you to arbitrate certain disputes and limits the ways in which you can seek relief, including by precluding you from suing in court or having a jury trial. </p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>17.1 Waiver of Class Actions and Right to Jury Trial</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">To the extent permissible by law, any claim, controversy, or dispute arising out of or related to these Terms, or any products or services provided in connection with the Services (each, a “<strong>Dispute</strong>”) must be brought in your individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any putative class, collective action, or representative proceeding (collectively, “<strong>Class Action Waiver</strong>”). The arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person’s claims or engage in any arbitration on behalf of a class. You agree that, by entering into these Terms, you are waiving the right to a trial by jury and the right to participate in a class action.</p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>17.2 Informal Resolution</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Before filing a claim against Union, you agree to try to resolve the Dispute by first emailing <a href="mailto:privacy@union.build"><u>privacy@union.build</u></a> with a description of your claim and proof of your relationship with Union. If we can’t resolve the Dispute within sixty days of our receipt of your first email, you or Union may then submit the Dispute to binding arbitration as provided herein.</p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>17.3 Arbitration Agreement </strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">All Disputes between you and Union must be resolved by final and binding arbitration. By agreeing to binding arbitration, you and Union expressly waive the right to formal court proceedings including without limitation trial by jury and class action. These Terms affect interstate commerce, and the enforceability of this section will be substantively and procedurally governed by the Federal Arbitration Act 9 U.S.C. § 1, et. Seq. (“<strong>FAA</strong>”).</p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>17.4 Conducting Arbitration</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">The arbitration shall be conducted by the International Chamber of Commerce (“<strong>ICC</strong>”) under its Commercial Arbitration Rules (“<strong>ICC Rules</strong>”) then in effect. If you are a consumer, the most recent version of the ICC Rules can be accessed <a href="https://iccwbo.org/dispute-resolution/dispute-resolution-services/arbitration/rules-procedure/2021-arbitration-rules/">here</a>. These Terms shall govern any conflict between the ICC Rules and these Terms. The location and type of hearing shall be determined in accordance with the ICC Rules. Further, a party’s right to request a hearing shall also be determined in accordance with the ICC Rules. Unless otherwise ordered by an arbitrator or pursuant to the ICC Rules, any in-person arbitration shall be in English and held remotely to the maximum extent and administered in New York, New York, or another mutually agreeable location. </p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>17.5 Confidentiality</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Union, the arbitrator, and you, will each maintain the confidentiality of any arbitration proceedings, judgments, and awards including information shared and produced during the arbitration.</p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>17.6 Arbitration Time for Filing</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Any arbitration must be commenced by filing a demand for arbitration within one year after the date the party asserting the claim first knows or reasonably should know of the act, omission or default giving rise to the claim. If applicable law prohibits a one year limitation period for asserting claims, any claim must be asserted within the shortest time period permitted by applicable law. If a claim is not filed within such period, the Dispute is permanently barred.</p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>17.7 Severability</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">If any portion of this section is found to be unenforceable or unlawful for any reason, the unenforceable or unlawful provision shall be severed from these Terms and such severance of the provision(s) shall have no impact whatsoever on the remainder of this section. Further, to the extent that any claims must therefore proceed on a class, collective, consolidated, or representative basis, such claims must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not in arbitration, and the parties agree that litigation of those claims shall be stayed pending the outcome of any individual claims in arbitration. Lastly, if any provision in this section is found to prohibit an individual claim seeking public injunctive relief, such provision shall have no effect to the extent relief is allowed to be sought outside of arbitration. The remainder of this section shall remain in full force and effect.</p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>17.8 Modification</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Notwithstanding any term or provision in these Terms to the contrary, you and Union agree that if Union makes any future material change to this section, we will notify you. Your continued use of the Services including the acceptance of features and services offered following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of any such changes.</p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>18. </strong><u><strong>GOVERNING LAW</strong></u></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">These Terms shall be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the laws of Delaware, USA without regard to conflict of law rules or principles that would cause the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. You agree that Union may initiate a proceeding relating to the enforceability or validity of its intellectual property rights in any court of competent jurisdiction. With respect to any other proceeding not subject to arbitration under these Terms, the courts of Delaware, USA will have exclusive jurisdiction. You waive any objection to venue in any such courts. </p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>19. </strong><u><strong>AMENDMENTS TO THESE TERMS</strong></u></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">We reserve the right to amend these Terms, any other agreement or document incorporated or referenced in these Terms, and any policy governing the use of the Services at any time and in our sole discretion. Any amendment will be effective immediately and you waive any right you may have to receive any specific notice of such amendment. Your continued use of the Services after posting of such amendment constitutes your agreement to be bound by all then-in-effect amendments to these Terms, regardless of whether you have actually reviewed them.</p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>20. </strong><u><strong>VERIFICATION</strong></u></h1>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">You may be required to provide us with certain information and/or documentation directly or through a third party. You hereby authorize us, directly or through a third party, to make inquires that we consider necessary to verify your identity, protect against the misuse of the Services, or for any other reason in connection with the Services. You further authorize us to take any such action that we deem necessary based on the results of such inquiries; and authorize any third party to which our inquiries are directed, to fully respond to such requests. We will have no liability or responsibility for any permanent or temporary inability to access or use the Services as a result of our inquiries.</p>
<h1 class="text-xl mt-4 mb-4"><strong>21. </strong><u><strong>MISCELLANEOUS </strong></u></h1>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>21.1 Assignment</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">These Terms, and any other document, material, or information referenced herein is particular to you and any attempt that you make to assign, novate, or transfer your rights, interests, liabilities, and/or obligations is null and void, unless you have received Union’s prior written consent. Union reserves the right to assign our rights without restriction, including without limitation to any of our affiliates or subsidiaries, or to any successor in interest of any business associated with the Services. Subject to the foregoing, these Terms will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns.</p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>21.2 Term and Survival</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">We reserve the right to change, suspend or discontinue, or terminate, restrict, or disable your use of or access to, parts or all of the Services or their functionality at any time at our sole discretion and without notice. All sections of these Terms that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination of these Terms.</p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>21.3 Nonwaiver of Rights</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Our failure or delay in exercising any right, power, or privilege under these Terms shall not operate as a waiver thereof.</p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>21.4 Severability</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">If any provision of these Terms shall be determined to be invalid or unenforceable under any rule, law, or regulation, or any governmental agency whether local, state, or federal, such provision shall be interpreted to accomplish the objectives of the provision to the greatest extent possible under any applicable law, and the validity or enforceability of any other provision of the Terms shall not be affected.</p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>21.5 Third Party Beneficiaries</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Nothing in these Terms, expressed or implied, is intended to confer upon any person, other than the parties and their successors and permitted assigns, any of the rights hereunder.</p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>21.6 Headings</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Headings of sections are for convenience only and shall not be used to limit or construe such sections.</p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>21.7 Force Majeure</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">You acknowledge and consent that the Services are provided by us according to our current technological capability and other business conditions. While we have made every effort to ensure continuity and security of the Services, we are unable to completely foresee and hedge against all legal, technological, and other risks. Union will not be held liable for delays, failure in performance, or interruption of Services that result directly or indirectly from any cause or condition beyond our reasonable control. Such instances include: (a) acts of God such as earth earthquakes, fires, cyclones, explosions, typhoons, monsoons, landslides, lightning, storms, tempests, pandemics, droughts or meteors; (b) acts of war, whether declared or undeclared, including invasion, act of a foreign enemy, hostilities between nations, civil insurrection, or militarily usurped power; and acts of terrorism; (c) civil disorder, such as acts of a public enemy, malicious damage, terrorism, sabotage, or civil unrest; (d) embargoes or sanctions (such as confiscation, nationalization, requisition, expropriation, prohibition, restraint or damage to property by or under the order of any government or governmental authority; (e) unnatural disasters, such as ionizing radiation or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear waste or from combustion of nuclear fuel; (f) labor disputes, including strikes, blockades, lock-outs, or other industrial disputes; (g) failure of telecommunication outlets, including the internet, communications networks and facilities, or other infrastructure, systems, operations or of equipment relevant to the provision or use of the Services; (h) data breaches or data-processing failure or incomplete processing; and/or (i) changes in laws or regulations that may materially affect the Digital Assets and/or blockchain industries (collectively, “<strong>Force Majeure Events</strong>”).</p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>21.8 Taxes </strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">It is your sole responsibility to determine whether and to what extent any taxes apply to activity you conduct through the Services; and to withhold, collect, report, and remit the correct amounts of taxes to the appropriate tax authorities. No communication or information provided to you by Union is intended as, or should be considered or construed as, legal or tax advice.</p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>21.9 Notice</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">Any notices or other communications provided by us under these Terms including those regarding modifications to these Terms will be posted online, in the Services, or through other electronic communication. You agree and consent to receive electronically all communications, agreements, documents, notices, and disclosures that we provide in connection with your use of the Services.</p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>21.10 Privacy</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">To understand how Union collects, uses, and shares information about you, please review our <a href="https://union.build/privacy-policy"><u>Privacy Policy.</u></a></p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>21.11 Entire Agreement </strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">These Terms and every other term or provision applicable to you, including any document incorporated by reference herein, constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and Union as to the subject matter hereof, and supersede any and all prior discussions, agreements, and understandings of any kind (including any prior versions of these Terms). Unless otherwise specifically stated, these Terms govern and control any conflict between these Terms and any other agreement you may have with Union. </p>
<h2 class="text-lg mt-3 mb-3 font-bold"><strong>21.12 Translation</strong></h2>
<p class="mb-4 text-justify">These Terms are set forth in the English language and all communications including any notices or information being transmitted shall be in English. In the event that these Terms or any part of it is translated (for any proceedings, for your convenience, or otherwise) into any other language, the English language text of these Terms shall prevail.</p>
